I have another important programming
note the week of October 21st we are
loading our whole show into a container
and bring it to Brooklyn New York for
five shows at the Brooklyn Academy of
Music if you want to join us there you
can get tickets at Kimmel in Brooklyn
calm and before we go the week leading
up to our trip our very own Guillermo
will be driving a Welcome Wagon of sorts
across the country spreading joy and
tequila along the way Monday October
14th he'll be in Dallas at Mariano's
azienda
Tuesday Old Town Ale House in Chicago
Wednesday Primanti Brothers in
Pittsburgh and Thursday Bob and
Barbara's lounge in Philadelphia so if
you live in any of those cities come see
Guillermo especially if you look like
him because at each stop on the tour we
are looking for locals in those cities
who look like you and then I will join
you there so and then maybe we'll
replace you I don't know if that's you
post a picture on Twitter Facebook
Instagram whatever with the hashtag I am
Guillermo and look for a message from us
and we will make it happy
are you excited to be on a bus for a
week again I thought we're not gonna do
this yeah yeah I know if you like that
video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies